README.md, before:

Rails-Helpers.tmbundle
======================

Groovy Ruby on Rails helpers for TextMate 2

# Textmate 2 installation

```bash
mkdir -p ~/Library/Application\ Support/Avian/Bundles/
cd ~/Library/Application\ Support/Avian/Bundles/
git clone https://github.com/estum/Rails-Helpers.tmbundle.git
```

# List of features

## `⇧F1` Open gem... command

Homepage/source path.

![Open gem in...](http://estum.github.com/Rails-Helpers.tmbundle/images/open_gem_in.png)

## `⌘⇧M` Open migration from dropdown list

![Open migration from dropdown list](http://estum.github.com/Rails-Helpers.tmbundle/images/open_migration.png)

## `⌃⌘A` Toggle array syntax style

![Toggle array syntax style](http://estum.github.com/Rails-Helpers.tmbundle/images/toggle_array_syntax_style.png)

## `⌘⌥↑` Open coffee/js on current line

![Toggle array syntax style](http://estum.github.com/Rails-Helpers.tmbundle/images/open_coffee-js_on_current_line.png)

## Other

See full list of commands and snippets in the bundle menu.

Commit message:

Add snippets to create namespaced class/module

README.md, after:

Rails-Helpers.tmbundle
======================

Groovy Ruby on Rails helpers for TextMate 2

# Textmate 2 installation

```bash
mkdir -p ~/Library/Application\ Support/Avian/Bundles/
cd ~/Library/Application\ Support/Avian/Bundles/
git clone https://github.com/estum/Rails-Helpers.tmbundle.git
```

# Features

## `⇧F1` Open gem... command

Homepage/source path.

![Open gem in...](http://estum.github.com/Rails-Helpers.tmbundle/images/open_gem_in.png)

## `⌘⇧M` Open migration from dropdown list

![Open migration from dropdown list](http://estum.github.com/Rails-Helpers.tmbundle/images/open_migration.png)

## `⌃⌘A` Toggle array syntax style

![Toggle array syntax style](http://estum.github.com/Rails-Helpers.tmbundle/images/toggle_array_syntax_style.png)

## `⌘⌥↑` Open coffee/js on current line

![Toggle array syntax style](http://estum.github.com/Rails-Helpers.tmbundle/images/open_coffee-js_on_current_line.png)

## `ncla⇥`, `nmod⇥` Create namespaced class/module

Tab-trigger snippets to create class/module with automatic namespace detection.

## Other

See the full list of commands and snippets in the bundle menu.

# TODO

* Write nice `README.md`
